README.md, before:

# Restaurant Finder
## CPSC 210 Personal Project
This application stores restaurants and organizes them based on the users' needs. 
Any casual restaurant-goer can input a restaurant and its characteristics such as 
a rating, pricing, hours, and cuisine into a customized collection. The user can then search for a restaurant in any 
collection based on its characteristics. The application can be tailored to the individual, and in turn used by 
any person looking to systematically organize their next meal.

This project interests me because my favourite thing about Vancouver is the number of restaurants to choose 
from. At the same time, I am indecisive and forgetful of where I've enjoyed eating at. This application will solve 
both problems, allowing me to sort through restaurants and search for the next one to eat at.  

### User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to add a restaurant to a collection.
- As a user, I want to be able to remove a restaurant from the collection.
- As a user, I want to be able to create multiple collections of restaurants.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a restaurant and rate it on a scale of 1 to 10.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a restaurant and add its open hours.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a restaurant and add the cuisine it serves.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a restaurant and add its pricing on a scale of $ to $$$.
- As a user, I want to be able to find a restaurant that is open at the time I am using the application.
- As a user, I want to be able to sort a collection of restaurants based on some criteria, such as pricing and/or rating.
- As a user, I want to be able to filter a collection based on some criteria, such as pricing, rating, and/or cuisine.
- As a user, I want to get a random restaurant from a collection.

Commit message:

Added tests for isOpen method in Restaurant class

README.md, after:

# Restaurant Finder
## CPSC 210 Personal Project
This application stores restaurants and organizes them based on the users' needs. 
Any casual restaurant-goer can input a restaurant and its characteristics such as 
a rating, pricing, hours, and cuisine into a customized collection. The user can then search for a restaurant in any 
collection based on its characteristics. The application can be tailored to the individual, and in turn used by 
any person looking to systematically organize their next meal.

This project interests me because my favourite thing about Vancouver is the number of restaurants to choose 
from. At the same time, I am indecisive and forgetful of where I've enjoyed eating at. This application will solve 
both problems, allowing me to save, categroize, and search for the next restaurant to reccomend or eat at.  

### User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to add a restaurant to a collection.
- As a user, I want to be able to remove a restaurant from the collection.
- As a user, I want to be able to create multiple collections of restaurants.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a restaurant and rate it on a scale of 1 to 10.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a restaurant and add its open hours.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a restaurant and add the cuisine it serves.
- As a user, I want to be able to select a restaurant and add its pricing on a scale of $ to $$$.
- As a user, I want to be able to find a restaurant that is open at the time I am using the application.
- As a user, I want to be able to find a restaurant that is open at a given time.
- As a user, I want to be able to sort a collection of restaurants based on some criteria, such as pricing and/or rating.
- As a user, I want to be able to filter a collection based on some criteria, such as pricing, rating, and/or cuisine.
- As a user, I want to get a random restaurant from a collection.
